Science fiction consistantly has been a popular source of technological speculation. While such fiction may be created by writers who are not academics in techonological arenas, it is impressive how many authors have correctly predicted the advancement of society. Science fiction has correctly predicted the credit card, tanks, earbuds, video chat, space travel, antidepressants, electric cars, and more.  Many authors imagined these seemingly fantastic concepts oftend decades before the real life versions materialized. Impressively, Jules Verne's book "The Earth to the Moon" was released in 1865, predating the 1968 Apollo 11 mission by almost 100 years. While Verne did not get all the details of a manned moon landing quite right, he was remarkably close on many of the important details. "Verne’s astronauts were launched from a Florida site in an aluminum capsule. He even did remarkably accurate calculations as to the amount of force that would be needed to propel the rocket out of Earth’s atmosphere." (Thor 2017) 

Today writers consider to speculate about humanity's future and transhumanist science ficion asks how technology will alter what it means to be human. What will society look like it we can move past our physical and mental limitations? When I think of transhumanist fiction I grew up with I think of fondly of "The Matrix", "Dr Who", "Catspaw", and the "X-Men". I bring these titles up in particular because they all have very different visions of the future. In the movie "The Matrix" humans live inside pods from birth, living life in an alternate reality, unaware. Joan D. Vinge's "Catspaw" cyberpunk novel was my first exposure to humans interfacing directly with computer, the main character surfing the hardware and data connections mentally and hacking the computer system in a way that was never intended. The X-Men universe discusses the lives of genetically mutant humans who have evolved powers, and often discusses body modification in the context of enhancing the capabilities of humans. Finally, the long-running Dr. Who BBS tv show episodically addresses sci-fi scenerios, but it regularly features long-running characters that show the logical extreme of transhumanism, notably the Cybermen and the Daleks.

Jensen, Thor. "The Moon Landing: Futurists Were Right: 10 Predictions Made By Sci-Fi Writers That Came True." Tested. Accessed April 21, 2017. http://www.tested.com/tech/concepts/460223-futurists-were-right-10-predictions-made-sci-fi-writers-came-true/item/moon-landing/. 
